#summary Outdated notes on how I generated heightfields using Wilbur and imported them into LDraw using 3DWin.

= Wilbur =

For the heightfield, I've found that a scale of 1 pixel = 1 baseplate works OK. 
In the "Surface > Size..." dialog specify the dimensions in pixels you want the 
heightfield to be. E.g. 100x100 pixels or 100x100 baseplates.

Since a baseplate is 640 LDUs large, the total size of the terrain in LDUs 
should be 640 multiplied by the dimensions in pixels. Enter this information 
into the "Surface > Map Info..." dialog, except center things properly in such a 
way that it extends by half the amount in the positive direction and half in the 
negative direction. E.g. -32000, +32000.

To generate a very basic random texture, select "Filter > Calculate Height 
Field...". A pop-up menu will appear. Make sure to un-check the box labeled 
"Spherical Evaluation". Refer to the official Wilbur tutorials for additional 
tips on generating a nice heightfield.

Select "Filter > Mathematical > Span..." and enter the height (or range of 
heights) in LDU you want the heightfield to be. Otherwise the heightfield will 
be way too tall.

Now save as "3D DXF Quads (*.dxf)". The file save dialog is wonky in that it 
appends the wrong extension to the file you are saving. Make sure you 
explicitely type the file name and extension you want. A pop-up menu will appear 
when trying to save the file. Press the "Set to Map" button in the "Output 
Bounds" section.

= 3DWin =

3DWin is more straightforward. Simply import the DXF file and export as LDR. One 
thing you should note is that there's no way to manually specify the output file 
name, and the program will not prompt you when overwriting the destination file. 
So back up any previous work each time you run the converter!

Also, additional time is consumed at the end in order to write the output file, 
despite the program's progress meter indicating that the conversion is done. If 
your heightfield is very large you may wonder what is going on.
