#summary Instructions and guidelines on creating content for Datsville.

= General guidelines =

  * Building, vehicle and minifigure models should be centered and sitting upon the origin. Use axis32x.dat too help orient models.
  * Inlined sub-models should be extracted and the parent model turned into an MPD file.
  * Models should ideally not contain minifigures or vehicles. Instead, minifigures and vehicles should be extracted and copied into "layer_traffic.ldr" if possible.
  * Vehicles may contain minifigures, however.
  * Models should not contain part primitives. Part primitives should be replaced with official parts when they become available, or copied into a new file or sub-model of an MPD file if not available.
  * All baseplates should be replaced with SNOT roads or tiled regions except the pink and teal "guide" baseplates used for orienting models.
  * Buildings should have interiors including beds, appliances, stairs, etc..
  * Unparked vehicles should have drivers.
  * Minifigures should not be re-used. All minifigures should be unique, even if they are identical visually.

= Making maps using POV-Ray =

  # Copy the contents of "svn\trunk\datsville" to "svn\trunk\datsville_boxed", overwriting any files if asked.
  # Execute "svn\trunk\helper_scripts\myboxer\myboxer_convert_datsville_boxed.bat". This will "boxify" the models in that directory.
  # Convert the "boxed" LDraw models to POV-Ray format by executing "l3p_convert_datsville_boxed.cmd" in the "svn\trunk\helper_scripts\povray" directory. This will produce a file called "datsville.pov".
  # Open "datsville.pov" in POV-Ray 3.7. You will probably need to install the 64 bit version of POV-Ray as Datsville consumes huge amounts of RAM.
  # Add the strings "#version 3.7;" and "#include "ldr_wrapper_mapview_1.4.inc"" to the top of the POV-Ray file.
  # Delete any camera and light statements. Also delete all the color and material definitions in the "Defines" section.
  # Render the scene at 8192x4096 pixels. This will produce the isometric image I use in my town maps. You'll need a lot of RAM, but it won't take a lot of time to render once it's done parsing. You should probably also render Datsville with the "+q7" flag set when creating the maps.
