#summary List of things to do.

= Project =

  # Get permission from the original authors for the various models. (CC-BY-SA is preferred.)
  # Determine if any additional model/sub-model organizational steps are needed.
  # Create a collection of helper scripts to make it easy to generate renderings, animations, panoramas and so forth using POV-Ray and/or other software packages.
  # Streamline the model submission process so that new content can be added quickly and easily.
  # Create one or more virtual Web tours, a role-playing game, or an interactive isometric map like a cross between SimCity and Google Maps.
  # <s>Experiment with different types of oblique perspective.</s>

= Models =

  # Strip all vehicles and pedestrians from building models and add them to the traffic layer. [ongoing]
  # Create driveways that slope smoothly into the roads. See Mike Gallagher's examples. (But how do I build driveways if the road section lies at an incline?)
  # <s>Traffic layer needs to be gone over again to make sure cars and pedestrians are standing correctly on the ground, sitting in the grass, etc.</s>
  # Figure out the best way to implement sloped roads and heightfield terrain.
  # Make sure streetlamps can be ratcheted to the correct angle when placed on sloping inclines. [e.g. sloped roads and heightfields]
  # Building 58 has a lower storey that is being clipped by the ground.
  # Replace petrol station's baseplates with SNOT roads? [consult with MG]
  # <s>The parking lots near the university and apartment complex are ugly and need to be redesigned.</s>
  # The cell tower looks more like a tornado siren. Repurpose and rename?
  # Make sure all "boxed" parts have edge lines. It's possible Tore Eriksson's boxed parts all had edge lines, and that I overrode them with my own edgeline-less parts mistakenly.
  # Need to consider again which versions of Mike Gallagher's SNOT roads to use. He has created several designs. The latest versions have blue wheelchair accessible ramps for instance.
  # <s>Baseball players are missing from the baseball field.</s>
  # <s>The grocery store needs some parking spaces.</s>
  # <s>Not sure what "t04i1304.dat" and "t04o1304.dat" are for. Can they be safely deleted?</s>
  # <s>Why are "dx900.dat" and "dx901.dat" needed? Also "look_at.dat".</s>
  # Datsville has a radio tower, but no radio station building.
  # <s>Add sewer drains to SNOT roads.</s>
  # <s>Replace any road baseplates that still might exist with SNOT roads.</s>
  # <s>Update myboxer's "box_list.ini" if possible.</s>
  # <s>The city needs fire hydrants.</s>
  # <s>There are still some TLG-designed models that unfortunately need to be removed.</s>
  # I am thinking about changing the asphalt color from black to dark gray, and the sidewalk color from white to light gray. Those colors would look a little more urban, but I'm not sure that's desirable.
  # I would like to add a model of a giant tree.
  # Yards need bushes, gardens, flowers, etc. around them.
  # Add fences around yards?
  # There need to be more minifigures walking around or inside buildings. There need to be more minifigs in general.
  # Baseball field needs spotlights and a fence surrounding the outfield.
  # One-way streets need two traffic signals facing the same direction at intersections since both lanes are going in the same direction.
  # All minifigures and vehicles should use unique models. Even players on the baseball teams.
  # Lower shopping center parking lot by 8 LDU. Also, pizza place.
  # <s>A lot of sub-models are "inlined", which is a bad thing as they are better left as MPDs. Need to obtain the original models or reverse this inlining if possible. [Caveat: MLCAD doesn't like nested MPDs.]</s>
  # <s>The streets layer is a major PITA to edit because it has so many parts. Need to split it into square "cells".</s>
  # I'm not real happy with block 8 where the university once stood. It needs to be made more parklike.
  # Maybe make areas between shops and sidewalks white instead of gray.
  # There may be too many streetlights in Datsville. I should at least try to use single-bulb lamps instead of double.
  # <s>Train tracks should be bumped up a little more in height.</s>
  # <s>I'm not real happy with how the city depot and airport turned out. The depot is maybe too large and the airport too small.</s>
  # Streets should be broken down into smaller modular sections to make it possible to add crosswalks, road markers, and other road paint. [This will need to be done when implementing driveways anyway.]
  # <s>Maybe make two railroad tracks for the whole length through the city.</s>
  # The garden on the roof of the office building isn't very attractive.
  # The airport is too close to the city. Move it farther away and have a road lead up to it.
  # Maybe create a new model category "furniture" to make the creation of building interiors easier. [started, but needs to be expanded]
  # <s>Some email addresses appear within the models themselves. Try and see if the missing authors can be reached via them.</s>
  # Maybe remove email addresses from models entirely and rely on contact list alone.
  # <s>Make sure model filenames are lowcaps since the file system may be case-sensitive.</s>
  # <s>Several models still have inlined sub-models that need to be turned back into proper LDR sub-models.</s>
  # Each model and sub-model needs to have the proper software license attached to it.
  # <s>The tag 'Unofficial Model' needs to be replaced with 'Unofficial Datsville Model' in each model and sub-model.</s>
  # Add missing titles to sub-models in MPD files.
  # Some author tags in sub-models remain blank and should be filled.
  # Buildings with open backs should really be closed.
  # Add light sources to all models for night-time renders.
  # <s>Adjust the scene so that y = 0 is at the grass/sidewalk surface instead of the road surface.</s>
  # <s>The town hall uses illegal baseplates for floors.</s>
  # <s>Make the bridges 8 bricks wider.</s>
  # <s>Bike paths need to be moved a little to align with the tile grid.</s>
  # <s>Fire hydrants, trash cans and bus stops need to be aligned with the tile grid.</s>
  # Fire hydrants, trash cans and bus stops need to be placed individually instead of groups in case they are blocking driveways.
  # <s>Move fire hydrants etc. to overlayer?</s>
  # <s>Move streetsigns to overlayer.</s>
  # <s>Copy temple trees to a new type of tree.</s>
  # <s>Runway needs blinky lights.</s>
  # <s>Airport runway is too narrow.</s>
  # <s>Railroad crossing hardware needs to be moved to the top layer.</s>
  # <s>building_007_firecompany has people in it.</s>
  # <s>building_086_redwarehouse has people in it.</s>
  # <s>building_080_garagexsmall has people in it.</s>
  # <s>building_020_baitshop.mpd has people in it.</s>
  # <s>building_075_buddhisttemple has people in it.</s>
  # <s>building_040_lookouttower has people in it.</s>
  # <s>All minifig animations need to be redone because the back leg is not rotated correctly.</s>
  # <s>Block 6 base needs to be edited so that building 21 can be lowered 8 LDU.</s>
  # <s>High school needs to be split into top and bottom layers.</s>
  # <s>Supermarket needs to be realigned with the ground grid.</s>
  # <s>Radio tower is sitting on a green block instead of concrete.</s>
  # [tricky] building_030_policehq.mpd has people in it.
  # [tricky] building_017_nationalbank has people in it.
  # [tricky] building_031_carriagehouse has people in it.
  # building_002_townhall.mpd has a person in it.
  # building_002_townhall.mpd intersects street lamps and trashcans because it is too wide.
  # vehicle_054_monaro has a person standing outside the car instead of sitting in it.
  # Blue apartments need showers/tubs.
  # <s>Arrow road construction signs need to be moved to the streets overlayer.</s>
  # Check the gridded ground layer for misaligned building models. [ongoing]
  # Shopping center parking lot and sidewalks need to be moved to the lower street level. [first building to be split like this]
  # Driveways need to be aligned with the tile grid. [ongoing]
  # Make sure trees are positioned properly on the studs under them. [ongoing]
  # <s>Parking lot areas should be SNOT like MG's SNOT roads.</s> [still not happy with them]
  # Maybe replace building_024_andershouse.ldr since it is out-of-scale. But you could argue the post office is out-of-scale too.
  # Lower buildings with ground tiles so the ground is flush with the grass. [ongoing]
  # Airplane hangar should be aligned with baseplate grid.
  # Replace one of the two bridges with another that is different from the first two.
  # Rocky baseplates need to be thickened by 8 LDU so they are the same height as the areas surrounding them.
  # Gas station could use a kerosene pump.
  # Office building should have solar panels instead of a garden on the roof.
  # The train looks like it's electrically powered. Need power lines.
